<?xml version="1.0" ?>
<!DOCTYPE book PUBLIC "-//KDE//DTD DocBook XML V4.1.2-Based Variant V1.1//EN" "dtd/kdex.dtd" [
  <!ENTITY kcheckgmail "KCheckGMail">
  <!ENTITY % addindex "IGNORE">
  <!ENTITY % English "INCLUDE" > <!-- change language only here -->   
]>
<book lang="&language;">

<bookinfo>
<title>The &kcheckgmail; Handbook</title>
<authorgroup>
<author>
<firstname>Matthew</firstname>
<surname>Wlazlo</surname>
<affiliation>
<address><email>mwlazlo@gmail.com</email></address>
</affiliation>
</author>
<author>
<firstname>Raphael</firstname>
<surname>Geissert</surname>
<affiliation><address><email>atomo64@gmail.com</email></address></affiliation>
</author>
</authorgroup>
<date>2009-10-12</date>
<releaseinfo>0.5.8</releaseinfo>
<abstract>
<para>&kcheckgmail; is a simple KDE systray application that notifies when new email is received in a Gmail account.</para>
</abstract>
<keywordset>
<keyword>KDE</keyword>
<keyword>kcheckgmail</keyword>
<keyword>Gmail notifier</keyword>
</keywordset>
</bookinfo>

  <chapter id="introduction">
    <title>Introduction</title>

    <sect1 id="features">
      <title>Features</title>
      <itemizedlist>
      <listitem><para>Available in multiple languages</para></listitem>
      <!--<listitem><para>Google Applications for Domains Support! </para></listitem>-->
      <listitem><para>Email snippets</para></listitem>
      <listitem><para>DCOP interface to Google Mail</para></listitem>
      <listitem><para>Custom search</para></listitem>
      <listitem><para>Store password safely, using the KDE Wallet</para></listitem>
      <listitem><para>Customizable check interval</para></listitem>
      <listitem><para>Secure login and data retrieval by using https</para></listitem>
      </itemizedlist>
    </sect1>
  </chapter>

  <chapter id="installation">
    <title>Installation</title>

    <sect1 id="how-to-obtain-kcheckgmail">
      <title>How to obtain &kcheckgmail;</title>
      <para>Download the source package from <ulink url="http://kcheckgmail.sourceforge.net/">http://kcheckgmail.sourceforge.net/</ulink> and extract.</para>
    </sect1>

    <sect1 id="requirements">
      <title>Requirements</title>
      <para>&kcheckgmail; 0.5.8 has only been tested with KDE 3.5.x but it might also work with older versions.</para>
    </sect1>

    <sect1 id="compilation-and-installation">
      <title>Compilation and Installation</title>

      <para>Compiling &kcheckgmail; is very easy. The following should do
	it: <screen>
<prompt>%</prompt> <userinput><command>./configure</command></userinput>
<prompt>%</prompt> <userinput><command>make</command></userinput>
<prompt>%</prompt> <userinput><command>make</command> install</userinput></screen>
      </para>

      <para>That should do it! Should you run into any problems,
	please report them to the <ulink
	url="mailto:kcheckgmail-development@lists.sourceforge.net">author</ulink></para>
    </sect1>
  </chapter>

  <chapter id="using-kcheckgmail">
    <title>Using &kcheckgmail;</title>
    <sect1 id="using-kcheckgmail-interface">
      <title>Using &kcheckgmail;'s interface</title>
    <para>&kcheckgmail; is an intuitive and simple to use application.</para>
    <para>If you have any question check the <ulink
	url="http://kcheckgmail.sourceforge.net/help.html">online FAQ</ulink>.</para>
    </sect1>

    <sect1 id="dcop-interface">
      <title>DCOP Interface</title>

      <para>Since version 0.5.7 &kcheckgmail; provides a more useful DCOP interface:
	<screen>
<prompt>%</prompt> <userinput><command>dcop kcheckgmail KCheckGmailIface</command></userinput>
int mailCount()
void checkMailNow()
void whereAmI()
void showIcon()
void hideIcon()
QStringList getThreads()
QString getThreadSubject(QString msgId)
QString getThreadSender(QString msgId)
QString getThreadSnippet(QString msgId)
QStringList getThreadAttachments(QString msgId)
bool isNewThread(QString msgId)
QMap&lt;QString,unsigned int&gt; getLabels()
QString getGaiaName()
</screen></para>
      <itemizedlist>
      <title>DCOP Interface methods</title>
      <listitem><para>mailCount: The number of unread messages (depends on the search query being used).</para></listitem>
      <listitem><para>checkMailNow: Makes &kcheckgmail; check for new emails.</para></listitem>
      <listitem><para>whereAmI: Displays a window displaying &kcheckgmail;'s location.</para></listitem>
      <listitem><para>showIcon: Show &kcheckgmail;'s icon.</para></listitem>
      <listitem><para>hideIcon: Hide &kcheckgmail;'s icon.</para></listitem>
      <listitem><para>getThreads: Returns a QStringList containing the msgId which &kcheckgmail; knows about.</para></listitem>
      <listitem><para>getThreadSubject: Returns the subject of a message with the given msgId.</para></listitem>
      <listitem><para>getThreadSender: Returns the sender of a message with the given msgId.</para></listitem>
      <listitem><para>getThreadSnippet: Returns the snippet of a message with the given msgId.</para></listitem>
      <listitem><para>getThreadAttachments: Returns a QStringList containing the attachment names of a message with the given msgId.</para></listitem>
      <listitem><para>isNewThread: Returns whether the message with the given msgId is unread or not.</para></listitem>
      <listitem><para>getLabels: Returns a map with the keys being the label names and the values the number of unread messages.</para></listitem>
      <listitem><para>getGaiaName: Returns the Gaia Name (name of the owner of the account).</para></listitem>
      </itemizedlist>
    </sect1>
  </chapter>
<!--
  <chapter id="questionsanswersandtips">
    <title>Questions, Answers, and Tips</title>

    <qandaset id="faq">
      <title>Frequently asked questions</title>
      <qandaentry>
	<question>
	  <para>Question 1</para>
	</question>
	<answer>
	  <para>The answer</para>
	</answer>
      </qandaentry>
    </qandaset>

  </chapter>-->
  &documentation.index;
</book>
<!--
Local Variables:
mode: sgml
sgml-omittag: nil
sgml-shorttag: t
sgml-general-insert-case: lower
End:
-->
